How many times have I told you?
Jiang Xue is your mommy
You must stop being unreasonable.
No, no, no.
Jiang Xue is a bad woman
She's not my mommy Gu Doudou
The poor-tempered baby is so cute
You are also willing to be cruel to him
How do I discipline my children?
It's your turn to take care of it
Hmm, I'm biased.
Mommy, you rent Mengbao.
Never rent cute treasure and husband at the same time
force
And my dad was poor.
He needs this job
Wu Doudou, enough is enough for me?
Daddy, I don't want you to carry bricks anymore
That's hard work.
Ah, such a filial little cute treasure
I promise you.
Five hundred days a day
Doudou plays my son
How about you play my husband?
You see, I look like a brick mover.
Depends on your outfit. Hmm?
You're pretty smart
But small temperament
you
Brick moving brother
What you babble about is that you think there is less money.
800 a day to go
8.008 billion I don't care
Daddy, 800 bucks?
How many bricks do you have to move to earn?
Go let's go home with me
I won't arrest the little master for me
I see who dares
Dad, it's not impossible for you to let me go home
But I want Mommy, no way
Mommy and Daddy don't want to worship your husband
Grandma can't pass the pass
Why don't you come home with me first?
Let's talk about father and father together
But that's where you and your dad live
It's not convenient for me to go.
If it is inconvenient for you to go, no one will protect me.
When I go home, my father will definitely hit me
And every time I go to see Mommy
Daddy would make my butt dizzy
It hurts.
Is there such a thing?
But my abusive man
You can't bully the baby with me.
Doudou, I'll go home with you